com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ActivitySettingsOperation.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivitySettingsOperation
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivitySettingsOperation$SettingsFragment
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/Constants.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.Constants
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ColorPickerPreference.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerPreference
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/events/ShortcutListener.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.events.ShortcutListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/storage/InternalFile.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.storage.InternalFile
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.storage.InternalFile$1
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/menu/DialogChangelog.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogChangelog
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogChangelog$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogChangelog$RecyclerAdapter
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogChangelog$RecyclerAdapter$ReleaseView
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ActivitySettingsAppearance.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivitySettingsAppearance
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivitySettingsAppearance$SettingsFragment
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/ActivityMain.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ActivityMain
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ActivityMain$GestureListener
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ActivityMain$ScrollListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/menu/ActivityFavorites.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter$FavoriteView
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFavorites$TouchCallback
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/quickaccess/ShortcutCreator.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.quickaccess.ShortcutCreator
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/Application.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Application
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/quickaccess/NotificationDisplayer.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.quickaccess.NotificationDisplayer
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/Utils.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.Utils
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/Menu.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Menu
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/FolderIcon.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.FolderIcon
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/menu/DialogHiddenApps.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogHiddenApps
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogHiddenApps$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogHiddenApps$2
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/SearchAdapter.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.SearchAdapter
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.SearchAdapter$1
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/ViewClock.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ViewClock
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ViewClock$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.ViewClock$MinuteListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/quickaccess/PopupFavorites.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.quickaccess.PopupFavorites
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.quickaccess.PopupFavorites$1
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/BuildConfig.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.BuildConfig
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/menu/DialogMenu.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.DialogMenu
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/storage/InternalFilePNG.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.storage.InternalFilePNG
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ColorPickerView.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerView
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerView$ColorChangeListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ActivityExportImport.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivityExportImport
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivityExportImport$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivityExportImport$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ActivityExportImport$ContractCreateTextDocument
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/events/ShortcutLegacyListener.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.events.ShortcutLegacyListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/IconPack.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.IconPack
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/events/PackagesListener.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.events.PackagesListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/Folder.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Folder
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Folder$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Folder$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Folder$PopupTouchListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/Search.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Search
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Search$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Search$PopupTouchListener
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Search$TextChangeListener
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/ApplicationsList.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.ApplicationsList
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.ApplicationsList$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.ApplicationsList$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.ApplicationsList$3
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.ApplicationsList$4
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/FlexibleGridLayout.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.FlexibleGridLayout
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/menu/ActivityFolders.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$3
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$4
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.menu.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$5
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/storage/InternalFileTXT.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.storage.InternalFileTXT
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/storage/ExternalFile.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.storage.ExternalFile
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/core/Shortcut.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.core.Shortcut
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$2
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$3
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$4
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$5
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$6
com/vincent_falzon/discreetlauncher/settings/ColorPickerDialog.java
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerDialog
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerDialog$1
 com.vincent_falzon.discreetlauncher.settings.ColorPickerDialog$SaveRequestListener
